Add images to UG (View, Close, Help) (#329)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-T14-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

- **On Success:**
    - A split view opens showing the selected client's complete information
    - The main list remains visible and functional on the left while detailed information appears on the right

>     - The image below the GUI before and after using `view 1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The images below show the GUI before and after using `view 1`:
```

- **On Success:**
    - The split view closes.
    - The main list view returns to full width.

>     - The image below the GUI before and after using `close`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The images below show the GUI before and after using `close`:
```

Author: Nice catch!
